Added stories and Updated prop for BigLink and LinkButton (#2181)
evidence-dev/evidence: sites/docs/pages/components/link-button.md

sidebar_position: 1
---

<LinkButton link='/components/link-button'>
  My Link Button
</LinkButton>

```markdown
<LinkButton link='/components/link-button'>
  My Link Button
</LinkButton>
```

## Options

<PropListing name="link" required options='string'>

> Used to direct the page to a specified URL. It can accept either a full external link, such as `https://google.com`, or an internal link, such as `/sales/performance`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renders a button that, when clicked, navigates to the specified URL. It can accept either a full external link (e.g. `https://google.com`) or link to another page within your evidence project (e.g. `/sales/performance`).
```
